updated Track Settings docs of react native (#1097)
100mslive/100ms-docs: docs/react-native/v2/advanced-features/track-settings.mdx

nav: 3.95
---

> You can customize local peers' Audio & Video track settings while creating instance of 100ms SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize local peers' Audio & Video track settings before Joining the Room. 
```

These settings are a optional parameter and meant to be passed in the `build` function of `HMSSDK` as `trackSettings` parameter which is a `HMSTrackSettings` object.

## Set Audio Track settings

Audio Track settings are defined by `HMSAudioTrackSettings` class. We have following settings for the Audio Track:

- `initialState`

  Property to set the initial state of the Audio track i.e. Mute/Unmute. You can use `HMSTrackSettingsInitState` enum to set this value.
  

>   More info about this can be found in [Mute and Unmute](../features/mute) docs.

Reviewer: Add all info about Joining with Muted Audio State / initState here as well

- `audioSource` [iOS Only]

  Property to configure audio nodes for audio sharing. More info about this can be found in [Audio Share](../features/audio-share) docs.

We can create `HMSAudioTrackSettings` with above mentioned properties as follows -

```js
const audioTrackSettings = new HMSAudioTrackSettings({
  initialState: HMSTrackSettingsInitState.UNMUTED,
  useHardwareEchoCancellation: true,
  audioSource: ['audio_file_player_node'],
});
```

## Set Video Track settings

Video Track settings are defined by `HMSVideoTrackSettings` class. We have following settings for the Video Track:

- `initialState`

  Property to set the initial state of the Video track i.e Mute/Unmute. You can use `HMSTrackSettingsInitState` enum to set this value.
  

>   More info about this can be found in [Mute and Unmute](../features/mute) docs.

Reviewer: Add all info about Joining with Muted Audio State / initState here as well

nav: 3.95
---

You can customize local peers' Audio & Video track settings before Joining the Room. 

These settings are a optional parameter and meant to be passed in the `build` function of `HMSSDK` as `trackSettings` parameter which is a `HMSTrackSettings` object.

## Set Audio Track settings

Audio Track settings are defined by `HMSAudioTrackSettings` class. We have following settings for the Audio Track:

- `initialState`

  Property to set the initial state of the Audio track (microphone) i.e. Mute/Unmute before joining the room. By default Audio track is Unmuted meaning microphone is ON.
  
  You can use `HMSTrackSettingsInitState` enum to set this value.

  ```js
  enum HMSTrackSettingsInitState {
    // If the track needs to be kept mute while joining
    MUTED,
    
    // If the track needs to be kept unmute while joining  
    UNMUTED
  }

  ...

  const audioSettings = new HMSAudioTrackSettings({
    initialState: HMSTrackSettingsInitState.MUTED,
  });

>   ```

Reviewer: add complete join code example with inline comments

- `audioSource` [iOS Only]

  Property to configure audio nodes for audio sharing. More info about this can be found in [Audio Share](../features/audio-share) docs.

We can create `HMSAudioTrackSettings` with above mentioned properties as follows -

```js
const audioTrackSettings = new HMSAudioTrackSettings({
  initialState: HMSTrackSettingsInitState.UNMUTED,
  useHardwareEchoCancellation: true,
  audioSource: ['audio_file_player_node'],
});
```

## Set Video Track settings

Video Track settings are defined by `HMSVideoTrackSettings` class. We have following settings for the Video Track:

- `initialState`

  Property to set the initial state of the Video track (camera) i.e Mute/Unmute before joining the room. By default Video track is Unmuted meaning camera is ON.
  
  You can use `HMSTrackSettingsInitState` enum to set this value.

  ```js
  enum HMSTrackSettingsInitState {
    // If the track needs to be kept mute while joining
    MUTED,
    
    // If the track needs to be kept unmute while joining  
    UNMUTED
  }

  ...

  const videoSettings = new HMSVideoTrackSettings({
    initialState: HMSTrackSettingsInitState.MUTED,
  });

>   ```

Reviewer: add complete join code example with inline comments
